pork schnitzel why that's just one of
the delicious new recipes i've
discovered
thanks to hellofresh are you ready to
try america's number one meal kit
well get 12 free meals including free
shipping
when you use code face 14 at
hellofresh.com
face 14.
so what i did eric is i texted them the
night before and i said
is this a regulation salad or is this
salad approvable it was a link to a
wendy's salad
they're like yeah it looks like a good
salad so then i used it and gavin [__]
on the salad
but what i i'm really glad they didn't
notice is i actually swapped salads from
that point
i picked a different salad than the one
that you have
agreed on and also you didn't say is
this a regulation salad can i do sour
cream with a salad you just said
what do you think of this salad well i
wanted to save this
it's a surprise i wanted to wait for the
episode and then suddenly
you've got strawberries in it well yeah
okay so here's the thing i'm not i don't
really like blue cheese
and i didn't notice that the salad i
sent you to blue cheese was in it i was
like which is [__] gross dude
i don't really want to eat that so i
just audibled out swap salad so when you
guys are yelling at me about the salad
thing i was waiting for one of you to
bring up the fact that it was a
completely different salad
it was a great salad though and i still
i stand by i gave you what you wanted
and it wasn't good and that's your fault
not mine what salad are you doing this
week
i don't have a salad okay i'm not gonna
i've already redeemed myself in that way
he's just gonna have to chug another
soda at the end like we as we discussed
everything well jeff i think maybe you
should chug a soda for the first time
based on what people are saying
nobody i think it's just [__] easy to
do
it's just hard to burp later i shouldn't
gavin a video doing it to prove that
it's not that hard
this is not interesting the audience can
suck a butt because i definitely drank
it
we're not ahead anymore so that means
that at the time of this the audience
has seen the previous
episode or listen yeah i'm all [__] up
it's
we caught up and now i'm terrified see
this is why this is why we have a
a buffer so that way it just doesn't
turn into more of this where jeff is
confused and mad
let jeff be mad about your stuff also i
hate when we have a buffer because then
i never know where the [__] in the
timeline i am there's no way to win
in recording this podcast i realized we
need to talk about this because the
first of all why do we not have a buffer
how long has this episode been going by
the way
uh well i don't know hey guess what jeff
didn't record
earlier he took a while to record i
started it i'm sorry i started recording
at 257
wow okay i had to get up and get a soda
that's fine that's
early thank you gavin but why do we not
have a buffer uh we don't have a buffer
because uh i don't know
we don't have a buffer yes we do not
have a buffer
because you pushed we weren't able to
record
because you were busy doing something
for a different podcast
well yes i was doing something for a
different podcast
and but had i not been doing something
for the podcast i also would have been
going to a funeral
so okay uh it was a double miami for me
that week
yeah okay we'll really take the air out
of my punch jeff thank you for doing
that thank you for just really
making me have to like pull back this
isn't about that
the fact you were gone what i'm not even
gonna get into the semantics of it the
point of this is
i think i think that we need to have a
serious review over super fan jack
and his super fan status oh dude don't
worry i'm right there with you
guess who's so tomorrow we're you know
if we want to place where this exists on
the timeline
we are recording this uh at three it's
303 p.m central time
uh june 24th uh 2021.
and tomorrow is the second face break
[__]
and uh jack has already backed out
already backed out
but the jack's credit he backed out
three days early
yeah that's true i will i remember all
the credit in the world that he did not
do it day of
uh yeah he so he didn't do it moment of
which is appreciative but i'm prepared
i'm prepared to hear
any any talk regarding demotion of said
super fandom i i ratched him back
back up as a show of good friends i
think he's nervous
i think he doesn't want to i think he
doesn't ever want to be in face
anything it's a lot of pressure we've
talked about him so much as the super
fan
he would have to deliver super fairness
and maybe he's not capable
i don't see how we could continue to
give him superfan status he's o for two
on these break [__] streams we have
moved our podcast we've not recorded our
podcast
for his podcast i bought him a cameo
from his favorite his number one his
favorite person i got him
we've done a lot for super fan jack i
made him his own
t-shirt you made him a t-shirt i never
made gathering a t-shirt
i don't think he could be super fan jack
i think he's he's gotta we gotta he's
gotta go back to the miners
i'm not saying he can't work his way
back up what's he doing now we could
call him
we said uh minor league jack is what
we'll call it
i like minor league jack uh i'm a fan of
minor league jack should i call him
right now
yeah yeah see if he can defend himself i
guess let me see if he'll answer
uh let's see i mean a real super fan
would answer
if you know his favorite podcast that's
true
a minor league guy might not i hope this
is a good idea
okay here we go hold on speaker
can you guys hear that nope no much like
the soda shot jack non-existent
jeffrey hey it's jeff uh jeff from
uh the face podcast you're on my podcast
face right now with with me with uh
andrew panton and gavin
free do you have a just one second jack
no no this is this is overwhelming oh my
gosh yes yes i'm excited to be
on your podcast space uh uh andrew were
you able to hear that jack's very
excited to be here
i didn't hear anything i can't go into
the microphone it's going straight into
the microphone i don't know how you
can't hear it
i can't hear andrew i feel like this is
as made up as your soda
no no it's just questionable hold on
jack what the [__] am i supposed to do
how do i pipe it into you [__] i'm
going it's going into the microphone i
can't help it if you can't [__] hear
it
he's here it's up
your bike is all the way up i can't hear
gavin either it's always all the way up
i always got hold on
hold on a second jack hold on just one
second notice gavin jeff said
jack yell hey hello this is jack
oh that's jack we can we could kind of
hear
i'm here i'm a big fan of the podcast
yeah okay he's
[__] blowing out my microphone all
right andrew wanted me to relay
something to you
so uh since you can't play it yeah
you're you're well i gotta turn my game
back down loud
uh hey what andrew what did you want me
to say to jack i just said that i think
he
he can't be a super fan right now i
think he's okay back to the miners jack
andrew has
uh he's pulled face rank as 33 percent
of face
uh conversation he said
uh he put his foot down and said that
you you've been stripped of your super
fan title
uh and that you're now minor leagues fan
jack you have to work your way back up
through the miners
i i don't know if i believe a liar can
hear him
okay well uh jack this has gone terribly
wrong i'm gonna hang up on you now
and i will i relay that message thank
you
i like we're talking about someone who
we talk to on discord daily
and i can't just have him join the
discord for five
why didn't why didn't you have him join
the discord then if you've got all the
[__] ideas
what could i can i point out jeff's
podcast gavin did you hear that
on my podcast jeff said what happened to
the triangle
and then i said you're 33 of the [__]
thing no
no you didn't i said i said andrew is 33
of the podcast oh my god it is my
podcast and it's your podcast
and it's gavin's podcast do you own a
little piece of it it's a little piece
of yours so you can call it yours
speaking of you know like hosting duties
welcome to face i don't know what
episode this
is oh hello hello and welcome to episode
57 i believe of
faith my name is jeff willing well now
you're interrupting the intro
yeah it's too late the intro this is
like 28 minutes in i'm willing to give
up one percent of uh the triangle i want
to take 32 percent of the podcast
and split the remaining percent equally
between
eric and nick i think that's a great
idea if i gave you my sauce gavin could
i just buy your shares could i become
the majority owner
uh yeah my percentage of face is totally
for sale
um i'm willing to trade any amount of it
to be honest i'll take the source
okay it's a lot hey sauce is valuable
like more valuable than i anticipated
market value
is that where the sauce is no longer
available can no longer get it and
mcdonald's outside of korea i think it's
those are standard sauces there have you
made any sales
have not made any sales i'm in i made an
alliance with nick
we've we've officially formed a sauce
alliance and i've been uh i've been
searching i've been tapping into the
market cabin
i i've been asking around i don't know
if you saw this but i i reached out i
asked mcdonald's if they would be
interested in buying the sauces
so immediately day one you're trying to
sell it all back to the place that made
it
yeah well i figured you know it was a
big hit for them they could they could
use the sauce they could use some
additional sauces i'm sure
a lot of people are saying they couldn't
get them they're running low
i mean surely a different like surely
burger king wants it more than
mcdonald's mcdonald's can just make more
well that's that's what you're you know
well listen they they need to make it
though they need to ship it they need to
distribute it i'm ready to go
i got my sauce tower set i'm ready
that was my idea i also i just didn't
know i was curious how they'd reply i
just wanted to see what mcdonald's would
do
and what did they say so i tweeted hi
mcdonald's then i included mcdonald's
canada you gotta cover all your bases
now that the bts meal is gone i hear you
could use some sauce
i'm an honorable man simply looking to
unload an empire in exchange for my
liquid gold
how about free nuggets for the rest of
the year i eagerly await your response
hashtag the sauce boss
which i didn't know i guess is the
nickname of the epic mealtime guy
that's holly yeah yeah i didn't know
that uh he liked the tweet relating to
somebody calling him awesome
in exchange for that so then uh
mcdonald's america quiet mcdonald's
canada
wild response quick mask wow 81 sauces
with ice is that right have you verified
it's uh yeah it's
i can verify it's more than 81 i don't
know where anyone came from
well i assume they counted the uh the
length the width and the height
it's basic volume i it's way more than
that we got a
405 sauce thing i was kind of
disappointed
be honest then they did another tweet
that like they acknowledged it was 405.
oh they just it's just terrible maths
yeah they did they did a second one
where they're like four or five they're
just wildly wrong
they did say quick math that's true
correct math
and it's also they're they're not a math
company they they make nuggets and
burgers
okay i don't expect a lot from you no
but no response
so then i i followed up i i extended my
offer i gave an even bigger offer for my
second go-around
did a second tweet the following day
informing
mcdonald's that our exclusive
negotiating window is now closed
i respect you so uh i can't even read
this
uh i respect you so the opportunity so
the offer stands but
big sauce doesn't wait the sauce game is
ongoing you cannot pause for the sauce
game
i now kindly extend my bts sauce empire
for free nuggets offer to wendy's and
burger king
i'm sleeping on this channel hashtag
clear eyes full sauce can't lose
i have stacked my nugget containers and
uh one of the drinks
drink things i got i actually i forgot
so
they didn't reply to this so i don't
know if they're you know they're
probably having business meetings
they're probably trying to work out a
counteroffer i assume
i've yet to hear back from wendy's
burger king
or uh mcdonald's america but i forgot to
mention this and just talking about this
brings us up
the first day the sauce ended the bts
sauce expired the deal
or not the deal but their offering of it
the 21st i woke up
i went downstairs i walked outside i had
a bag of mcdonald's
at my front door just really just a bag
yeah so i was like what is this i didn't
order this
so i pulled it in i looked at it it came
from the night before it was placed at
10 36 pm or that's when the receipt was
printed
it was delivered to my front door using
a one of the
delivery apps but not one i use a
different delivery app delivered it to
my door
which then so there's two scenarios in
my mind
either the mcdonald's hates me
for all the sauce orders and as a a
source of revenge they waited until the
evening of the final day that the sauce
was available
and sent me like either [__] with like
it was the order was a medium fries a
large fries
a blt quarter pounder and that was oh
and a soda a medium soda
so either i feel like they sent it to me
and they [__] with me
like they did something to the soda and
just thinking like oh they'll think free
food
and they'll have it or i have had so
many mcdonald's orders recently that the
driver just assumed
i was the person who placed it they just
delivered it there
but it's a different app but i had rogue
mcdonald's showed
i felt like it was like a warning like
it was a it was a threat or
like a declaration of war i did not see
that when i said those tweets up
interesting interesting that you that's
how you view it and not as
a peace offering from mcdonald's to you
here are some other
fine products we offer that you might
enjoy
i feel like a peace offering would be
more sauce or
i was going to say i think that would be
the true peace offering i don't think uh
burgers that looked gross and two orders
[__] now you're insulting them and
they're all it was the gross andrew i
think you're slightly overwhelmed
i think you're in all kinds of
directions at once i don't think you
truly know what you want to do with a
source
um i agree well it's yeah no i i don't
it's worth a lot though like it's uh i
sent you the listing of like a hundred
dollars
for one sauce of each and like the
container in a bag
so what was that was that the packaging
or was that the actual sauce that was
everything
it was i think two sauce containers and
it was the nugget box
the listing i shared that was like a
hundred dollars have you have you been
drinking heavily recently or taking any
kind of
medication or drugs are you on any drug
like heroin or any kind of mind-altering
drugs right now i'm straight edge jeff
there's no way you could have gotten
hammered or like i don't know did some
black car heroin
and ordered it yourself no because
it's not even an app i use it was a
different delivery system than i would
ever
use they don't even have my address for
the other so
i think i honestly think what most
likely happened is they saw mcdonald's
order this building
and just took it to my door but my door
is so hard to find like it's impressive
that it reached me
out of all the places i love that you
you describe your door
like it's like it's magic and it exists
in the harry potter universe and you
have to walk by
a certain time of day or do an
incantation to discover it
he has the sewing machine towards the
wall the right angle right yeah
we've talked about doing a bathtub race
thing at some point jeff
if you are ever where i live i will not
give you instructions i'll just tell you
the address of my building
and we'll see how long it takes you to
find my it is okay
gavin you're you're involved with that
too buddy challenge and accepted
all right that sounds awesome and i got
news for you i got there
we're definitely going to do the bathtub
race but there's another reason we might
end up in
in canada for face down the road and so
there's two possibilities in the next
year that i that could bring us to your
wonderful fine island i i didn't to the
island specifically
not even just generally well to the
country but if i'm gonna go to the
country i'm gonna make
the additional effort to go to your home
turf this is exciting i don't i haven't
heard what the other possible is it too
far out to talk about
i'm guessing oh i just i i just it would
be more fun for me not to tell you
okay well wait so i just you're gonna
show up one day is that no i'll tell you
in in good time
okay i just don't see the point in in
telling you now it'll be
like next year sometime maybe a year
from now you're you're in two months
or so okay potentially okay that's
concerning
and then i'm gonna find your door i
don't think you will i think you're
gonna end up having to text me to try to
figure out
like instructions i'd be impressed if
you found it
i would i don't know what there should
we should make a bet of some kind i bet
you could not from the front of my
building
you could not find my door within two
minutes here's how i would do it within
two minutes
here's how to do it i would order
mcdonald's to your house
and then i would start the timer i would
start the two minute timer as soon as
the guy showed up and i just follow him
he knows how to get there we've
established that he knows how to get
there with your orders with other
people's orders
he's the key to me finding your place
instantly i have no fit
cost me 99 cents in a a delivery fee
i'll order some small fries and he'll
take me right there to maps
google maps or anything does it just put
it in the wrong place on the map put it
in the wrong place yeah
puts in the wrong place how do the
drivers find it then it's
uh well on one of the apps i can
manually and they've changed this so
it's i don't think i'll be making many
food orders anymore you could manually
place where you want them to drive
and i'd kind of put them in the middle
of nowhere essentially
but even still like people would get
lost all the time or like i'd get some
of the photos i've gotten if we've left
your order here
is like they've clearly given up and
they don't know what to do this isn't an
alley
yeah it's just in a corner somewhere of
the building it's
it's great i bet i can find it within
two minutes i bet i can do it
uh i don't think so well it's dependent
it's still we we should do it like a
survivor challenge and then we'll
we'll do me and gavin and nick and eric
and we'll all try to find it
building that sauce tower is the most
survivor-like experience i've ever had
it was genuinely like my hand was shaky
everything was like wobbly it felt like
one of those like they got staggered
above the point of things
it was terrifying
[Music]
[Applause]
summer's here and the living ain't easy
if you've got swamp ass i feel like
maybe i should have sung that but i'm
not going to
however i will say that how you stay on
top of your sweaty bottom
in these hot summer months is important
and i would recommend trying a
refreshing spray from a hello tushy
bidet keep your sweaty crack clean all
summer long
with the brand new hello tishi 3.0
modern bidet attachment it is stylish it
is eco-friendly
and it is a refreshing little shower
purely
for your butthole hello tissue 3.0
cleans soggy butts like a champ
but it doesn't stop there it cleans
itself too with its smart spray
automatic self-cleaning nozzle
so defeat swamp ass and go to
hellotushy.com
face to get 10 off plus free shipping
this is a special offer for our
listeners at hellotushy.com
face for 10 off hellotushy.com
face your butt will say thank you this
podcast is sponsored by
betterhelp is there something
interfering with your happiness or
preventing you from achieving your goals
i know i have had a myriad of things
that i have been dealing with uh
basically
since i was born uh and therapy has been
uh
well it's been a boon for me i'll be
honest it's been it's been a huge help
betterhelp will assess your needs and
match you with your own
licensed professional therapist and you
can start communicating under 48 hours
it's not a crisis line it's not a
self-help line it is professional
counseling
done securely online betterhelp is
committed to facilitating great
therapeutic matches so they can make it
easy and free to change counselors if
needed
it is more affordable than traditional
offline counseling and financial aid is
available
better help wants you to start living a
happier life
today so visit their website and read
their testimonials if you need a little
nudge
they post them daily i think they're at
betterhelp.com reviews
you can see what real people feel about
the service then go to betterhelp.com
face that's better h-e-l-p and join the
over 1 million people who've taken
charge of their mental health
with the help of an experienced
professional and it's available
worldwide
which is pretty fantastic because most
of us live in the world
i don't know if they can help you
outside of that i don't know if they can
help you on another plane of existence
i don't know if they can help you uh
like an interstellar travel but if you
are within the confines of earth
they can help you special offer for face
listeners get 10
off your first month at betterhelp.com
face
go to betterhelp.com face to get 10 off
your first month
of better help have you ever had to find
something in a hurry
uh yeah like airport gates you know like
when you're transferring
i think it's the worst combination it's
it's so bad when
everyone like someone's counting on you
or you're gonna miss something
but you don't know where to look for the
thing you're looking for
you kind of end up like frantically
jolting around in all directions like
looking at [__]
and you want to be moving fast but you
don't have a direction so you're just
like
stuttering around yeah it's a frantic
mess i'm trying to think at other times
i think airports are really like the one
time where it's like i don't know where
this gate is i have 10 minutes
what am i gonna do i was once in spain
we're filming
some formula one or something and uh i
realized that the the guy was with
didn't bring the mags for the camera
they were still in his hotel room
so i had to be i like i was like i'll go
back and get him
and uh one of the runners like drove me
back to the little resort where we were
staying
and we'd already had we had a shot in
the camera we just couldn't save it so
that everything was waiting on us
to download this shot and i was ran back
into this resort it was like
a little compound of maybe like 50
villas but
i got lost i could i'd only seen it in
the dark
and i it was like confusing me it was
confusing me during the day
so i was like uh-oh where's the and i
couldn't find the number and i was just
running around i must have spent
five minutes running full speed but not
knowing
where i was running i must have like a
completely insane person like a
chicken with his head cut off and i was
freaking out i thought i was gonna black
out by the end of it i was like
everyone's waiting and eventually i
found it and it was like
really close to the entrance
that's i i keep getting so like this is
a weird like it wasn't super frantic
i got lost in austin one time i don't
think i've told the story on the podcast
this is
post ankle roll uh this is i
this is pre-anchor roll okay it was fine
at this point i
have two distinctive lost and austin
stories it always seems to happen at
around rtx i guess the main reason why
i'm in austin
but it was the night i am like one of
the 12 people that didn't mind true
detective season two
and it was the finale was on like the
closing night of rtx
and caleb invited me to this bar thing
where i guess that like every year
they'd like a bunch of people would get
together in the community do like a
community event at this place
and it was like maybe two blocks away
from where i was staying the hotel i was
at
and this guy that i i met through the
community really wanted to play rock
paper scissors against me for whatever
reason
and uh i was like meet me i'll meet you
outside of this hotel
we can play rock paper scissors and we
can walk and talk to this bar that i
have to go to
so that's what we did i won by the way
do you play paper scissors a lot with a
lot of people i don't play rock
no it was their thing they really wanted
to play rock paper scissors i was like
sure i'll play i just love the idea of
you and someone else in an alley the
police roll up it's like all right
where's the drugs and it's like no sir
we were just playing rock paper scissors
don't worry about it that's normal i'm
very competitive so i i
luckily i won i think it was close i
think he won the first one i won the
next three i don't remember exactly but
then we walked and talked to the place
and i stayed i just hung out i didn't
really do anything i played pinball
mainly
for like two or three hours at this
party do you think you're good at
rock paper scissors like better than the
average person i don't think so
i think i'm actually especially bad at
rock paper scissors i'd say i'm a bad
rock paper scissors player
fair enough which pinball will you play
i don't remember it was just like a
whatever
it was like me being bad at a party not
really knowing anybody and being awkward
so i'm just gonna play pinball in the
corner
if it makes you feel any better that bar
that you went to that they would go to
every year i'm pretty sure
yes it's closed it is gone it doesn't
work out i don't know why that would
make me feel any better at all
i mean it's not the bar's fault i just
isn't it isn't it the bar's fault andrew
no it was a great bar
don't they promise a good time did you
have a good time it sounded horrible
i think a good time was there it just i
couldn't find it that's my fault
but i think it existed within the
premises i just was too awkward to like
you you had all the ingredients you just
couldn't make it into a good just
couldn't bake the cake
honestly okay so the first part there
was like a ufc event on and they had a
giant tv so i watched out on a couch i
was like this is pretty good and then i
played pinball
so like as far as my evening goes not
bad but terrible party
as far as my involvement in it so then i
leave
and i left because i wanted to catch the
finale of true detective season two and
i gave myself like 30 minutes
to go and i just kept walking and i
couldn't quite remember my turn because
i spent the entire time talking to the
guy so i wasn't really mindful of
all i had to do was literally i took one
turn and then walked straight
so i just had to turn once and i was set
or you could have opened
a map on your phone could have done that
i didn't have my phone
my phone died at the party that's what
happened both times i've been lost my
phone died at the party so i didn't have
access to my phone or else i would have
used my phone
that would have solved this immediately
so i had no phone and i just am going
straight and i'm like eventually i'll
find a turn i just every street i'd pass
i'd be like i don't think that was it
and i just keep walking and i realized i
had missed my turn
when i ran out of buildings there was no
longer any buildings ahead of me i was
like leaving the city
essentially at that point it is getting
it's like 11
p.m maybe a little bit earlier it's like
10 30 11
and everything's like in the area wasn't
really open
and i'm sweating because it's hot and
it's the summer
and i'm just going up to people asking
like hey i'm trying to stay i stayed
here
could you tell me where it is i have no
idea where i'm going and they'd kind of
point
sometimes or they just ignore me it was
a disaster
i spent like 30 minutes lost walking
through the
the city at night trying to find my
hotel which i know is close
like it's within probably 10 minutes of
wherever i'm at i am
i've got some in the central area i came
across two
extremely drunk ladies who were thrilled
by the fact that i was from canada and
they were kind enough to use their phone
to help me
but they were too drunk to be useful in
any way so they also just gave me kind
of shitty directions
i spent like an hour lost by the end of
it just walking
up and down streets going around trying
to ask people nobody would help me
eventually i came across one of those
bike carts
that are intended for like multiple
people and i'm like i'll
pay you whatever just this is my hotel
i'm so lost please take me to this place
like a little pedicab yeah like a little
pedicab and i hopped in
i just had a great conversation he was
playing like def leppard
extremely loudly it was like 11 p.m
he his last job was a gravedigger in new
orleans so i just asked him about that
it was just like the most bizarre
evening like the conclusion to it
i finish i get back to the hotel i'm way
late for watching the true detective
finale
i turn it on and i mean spoilers for
true detective season two
there's a character in it who dies by
having an extended walk through the
desert and that's the exact thing i
walked into
it was just this character walking
trying to make it back to the city
it's exactly it was like gavin in this
fly thing it perfectly lined up
but yeah i got it was just a disaster
every time both times i've been lost in
austin
it's because my phone died and i've
gotten shitty directions and caleb was
the source of both of them now i think
about it i just like that you always go
to these other cities
miles for not even in your own country
and you refuse to charge your phone
every night
yeah it was charged it's just i was
there for a few hours
it died i don't know i've always had
shitty phones outside of
my most recent too it's it's impressive
as well
in that uh sorry i guess not the case
anymore because of the explosive
growth of the last two or three years
but this is at a time when austin
didn't have that many big buildings yeah
because that's why i knew i was that
much of a city so it's like
process of elimination you probably
could have walked to every big building
in 30 minutes in austin
that's how i realized i went too far is
the big building stopped existing it was
just all flat
that was my sign that i'm out of the
stadium really small in the back yeah
yeah everything got really tiny i'm
imagining you walking out of the side of
austin into the desert
you're probably just like two blocks
away that was the the first time the
second time
it was the day after it was when that
guy drove me from san antonio to austin
the next day i was like i want a burger
i went to a burger place that was close
and it happened to be a place that you
took me to jeff the first time i went to
austin you and caleb it was this tiny
bar burger place casino el camino no it
wasn't that one it was a different one
what was my invite by the way to that i
i don't know do you remember what it was
called
i've no memory what it was called i also
think that that business no longer
exists
uh probably it was a small but i was
like oh i've been here i didn't realize
this was the place i'd been before
that's cool had a burger had a great
time
next day caleb and i went for lunch
during rtx
and during the lunch my phone died and
so we ate lunch and i said caleb my
phone is dead
all i like i know i don't know where my
place is
but i know how to get from that bar
burger place
to my place so if you could tell me
where that burger bar place is it's not
far away
just tell me where it is and he once
again his instructions where he pointed
he's like that way so then i just
started walking in that direction
found somebody else at the convention
center who walked with me for a bit
and were talking and he offered me his
resume i said i can't really help you
get a job and then he's like cool i
gotta go
so that he abandoned me i remembered i
crossed train tracks
going from point a to point b so i just
stood on the train tracks and i just
kept walking down them
because i was like eventually once again
i'll find my turn
in the heat i'm miserable once again
just drenched in sweat
walking down the train tracks i was
probably
like 15 minutes away from having a
breakdown of like i'm so
lost uh but then i looked up and i was
right in front of my building i don't
know how i got there
but i just made it back and i was like
oh that's super convenient
and i was good do you think maybe it's
not hard to find your front door at all
it's just hard for you to find your
front door
no i mean i was just based off of just
based off every story you've ever told
about you getting from point a to point
b
no it's just if i was guided to the bar
i knew where to go because it was a
straight shot and i still
found it but it was i i relied on the
train tracks i was just walking down the
tracks
it's terrible i'm good at getting lost
apparently i am not convinced your place
is hard to find i'm sorry
no it is i will this is what we'll do
it's definitely hard for you to find but
i think most things are
what if we you know those like tablet
that are on wheels like it's a moped
slash tablet and you see through it what
are the range on those if i set one up
in front of my building i bet you
couldn't find my door
within the two minutes i would love to
do this we have to figure out a way to
do like long-range camera feed i don't
know if that technology even exists
it does want to use it it does yeah we
could do that yeah we can do that
we can find a way i like you always have
weird interactions with people by the
sounds of it yeah oh the weirdest
the weirdest interaction you didn't ever
tell us about the
the orgy invite or anything i i i've had
weird interactions in austin too i feel
like
some of them you know it you can you can
put out a vibe whether or not you want
to be spoken to by strangers
but i feel like when i first moved here
i was all for it you know i was in a new
country if people came up and
spoke to me i'd be like oh hey what's up
and once i was it was when we lived in
that rental house jeff
i think i'd walk to a like fresh place
or something and i was walking back
and some girl stopped me and she was
like hey can i talk to you about
planned parenthood and i was like uh
yeah what's that and she was like all
right douchebag and just turned her back
on me and walked off
because i didn't know what it was and
she thought i was taking the piss
i assume everyone here knows what it is
they just wanted to tell people about it
and i was like what's planned parenthood
and she
she was somebody none of it and i just
walked home just like what did i do
she wanted to you decide to sit your
signature on something or to donate
money probably to planned parenthood
and she probably thought you were put on
a fake accent or just being dismissive
because those poor those people get [__]
on all day long by strangers that's
really funny
yeah she was really mean i was just
being friendly
that probably oh man probably ruined the
next hour
it probably ruined her next hour too
she's like she went home and she's like
i swear to god all i'm trying to do is
raise money for planned parenthood and
every [__] dude i talk to is a
[__] to me
this guy earlier today he pretended not
to know what it is
and he used a bad bad british accent
i don't think i even fully told the
homeless orgy
story thing so that happened because i
was with somebody who didn't know how to
use uber
and they put the pickup point like six
blocks away in the middle of an orgy
there was a they pinned
it no we're outside rtx this is there
was i
never made it to the homeless orchy
gavin i was just it was an invite that
was presented to me
okay we're outside the convention center
we're trying to get back to our place
this is not only just pre ankle roll
this is
pre me having the flu and getting
everybody that i was with sick
um we are he's like i'll call an uber oh
it's weird it keeps telling me we have
to go
go do it and it's like seven blocks away
and so we're just walking walking this
homeless guy
walks up and it's like hey can i have
money and i was like sure i gave him
some money
and then we became best friends and he
was following me and we're talking the
whole way
and we i had a seattle seahawks shirt on
and he was talking to me about football
and he's like you think the seattle
seahawks are gonna win this year i
didn't really think so i was like yeah
maybe
and then he's like nah you think the
seattle seahawks are gonna win the super
bowl this year
and i was like yeah he's like you think
the seattle seahawks are gonna win the
super bowl this year and i'm like yeah
they're gonna win
because it's like i'm a [__] budget
jerry maguire like he wanted me to yell
about it and i was just playing into his
thing
and so i was like yeah they're going to
win he's like i don't i don't like their
chances this year
why did we do that what was the point
was like why
i think the point was to keep you
engaged long enough to get you
behind an alley somewhere where he could
stab you and have a brand new seattle
seahawks jersey to walk around i'll play
rock paper scissors
yeah so then we kept walking and he was
talk like he just kept talking to me
and we're crossing a section and i think
somebody realized that like it was sort
of a weird conversation we're having
and they shoulder checked him in the
crosswalk and that stopped him for a
minute and he turned he's like what the
[__] to the guy
and i think the point was to try to
allow me to get distance but as soon as
we crossed the street my friend was like
oh this is where we gotta be for the car
so i'm just standing there
and the homeless guy comes back and this
is where it elevated to another level
he he looked at me and it was like
i would describe the vibe as like anton
sugar in the gas station
of no country for old men there's like
this weird tension
and he was just staring at me and he's
like you have the prettiest eyes i've
ever seen
i was like we are we are going somewhere
what color are your eyes uh i'd say like
a blue like a
darkish blue but he said
yes exactly according to him and then it
turned into
uh why are you here uh and i was like oh
i'm at whenever i try to like describe
rtx to somebody that would have no
concept of what it is i always just say
it's like a video game convention
and uh he's like oh so you're telling me
you run all this [__]
and he met the city of austin and i was
like no
i just you know i just you know i like
games and stuff so i'm here for that and
he's like oh so you're a hacker and [__]
and then he started going
and i was like no i just i like video
games and then he was trying to convince
me to go on his workout plan he's like
you and i could work out we have a great
time we'll work out we'll we'll have
so much fun then it pivoted to that he
knew a guy who had a bunch of drugs
and then it pivoted to where you staying
at i can bring the party
and it was like a very clear like
implication of or i don't remember the
wording but it was like
we're gonna have an orgy how was it how
was what the orgy
yeah not enough condoms but can you
imagine the podcast you two could have
started together if you'd
if you'd just told him where he stayed
well
he doesn't know where he said he could
never find the damn place that's true
andrew's like i'll give you my address
in vancouver island but you're never
gonna find it
the dude's walking around with him in
austin he's like we're going in circles
man where are you staying
i don't know
the entire time i don't think i blinked
like we're having a weird stare dad for
this whole conversation
and he's like where are you staying and
i panicked and i lied i just said i'm uh
the hilton
26th floor i just came up with a floor
and he's like cool
they walked away i never saw him again
we got in our car
do you think somebody who maybe
looked reasonably like you or even not
that like you on the sixth floor of the
hilton
just had a surprise orgy happen in their
laps i'm curious what happened that
evening on the 26th floor
i'd love to know i hope not the 26th
floor but it sounds like a lot of fun
might have happened
we get in the car i feel so sick and i
don't know that i
i have a flu at this point dealing with
fever flu i had everything i'm super
sick
get home i immediately vomit and it was
the day that i tried big red for the
first time so just bright red
vomit everywhere and i got everybody
sick
but i just yeah i've had some i don't
know what it is about me but i draw
weird interaction with people
like i have a magnet to it it could be
fun or it could be you're invited to a
homeless orchid
which also could be fun yeah it's it
could be
can't complain about that necessarily i
i don't know that i'd want to be the
kind of guy who goes an entire life
without ever getting invited to a
homeless orgy you know
is that a life worth living that's a yes
that's a
great point how many homeless orgies
have you been invited to gavin
no not any not yet
what a sad sad life for a sad little man
i didn't know that you filmed f1 stuff
gavin dude he filmed fernando alonso he
did that's what i was doing
alonzo was waiting i had no idea
i don't think it was for actually for it
wasn't a real formula one race it was uh
i would say it was like a commercial for
santander or something who maybe
sponsored
some [__] i don't know who knows i i
don't i don't really know all about all
the stuff i worked on sometimes you just
show up and shoot and then
you never see it it probably didn't even
air in the uk or something or anything
do you remember what the commercial was
i don't know
i can show you no i'd love to see the
footage you still have the footage
yeah i got most of the stuff i shot oh
that's really cool
it is it is pretty cool it makes me
respect him a little bit more when i
find out he's worked on stuff that i now
like like f1
yeah why do you like f1 so much now have
you ever watched it
yeah it's [__] awesome
it's hard point to argue against i mean
i i feel like that's the answer yeah
it's cool i mean like technically it's
it's very cool it's not i find it not
very fun to watch in person though
oh rocino racing person you really don't
get a sense of
like where the race is you just if
you're on a corner you just kind of see
cars pass by and you don't
it really is much better televised i
think i feel like most sporting events
are better televised
for a football match that's nice in
person you get the vibe
you get the cheering you get people
standing up in front of you and not
sitting down for half an hour
that was [__] annoying oh my god dude
i was it's funny because i made a joke
uh so gavin and i went to a
for uh what was that last saturday i
guess we
yeah well first off we hung out in
person and nothing blew up
everything held there was no extra
weirdness aside from i got some
cucumbers
uh given to me all right well that was
[__] weird
that that in itself was a whole there
was a whole thing
andrew there's a whole thing did you
hear about that cucumbers no i have no
idea about the cucumbers well
we should get into it because it was
fascinating to me
uh however yeah we we spent an entire
time hanging out
and uh i i'd say was a pretty pretty
like medium decent time uh i was telling
andrew
i don't know what we would like i don't
even nothing funny happened nothing
gross happened
nothing weird happened it was just a
medium time
we did i mean it was nice it was a good
time i had a lovely time it was me and
you and emily and
millicent and we went to uh to see the
the first home game of the austin fc
soccer
mls soccer team nothing of like face
note
happened which yeah means it was a good
time yeah i mean i will say
uh we had to we had to endure matthew
mcconaughey
looking like a goddamn leprechaun that
was i loved that bit
uh he andrew he came out because he's a
part owner of the team and yes he has to
you know mcconaughey bless all of
every cool thing in austin you know uh
well first off he did like a
like a scat type rap thing
that he does you know or he just [__]
what just freestyle
some [__] that sounds like some [__]
but means nothing
you know he did that for a little bit
about austin and
competition and [__] soccer i was
looking at him down there on the pitch
while he was
dressed in green and slamming on his
drum and i just thought that guy was an
interstellar
yeah dude then he gavin's not kidding he
walked out on the pitch
in a bright green suit like a full suit
which by the way brave to do because you
could green screen
anything on that dude like you won a
golf tournament
yeah and then yeah yeah like you won a
golf tournament yeah like
yeah and uh and then he played the
bongos
okay like seriously
and then we got to watch the soccer game
it was great
did they win uh they tied the first game
of the entire stadium like but for real
and it was a nil nil yeah it was a it
was a pretty typical soccer game it was
a 0-0
yeah wow i was sat next to millie
the game ended and she was like all
right so what we're going to overtime or
what i was like
nah that was it we go out she was like
wait that happens
i was like oh yeah that happens all the
time
it makes it really exciting when there's
a goal there you have mcconaughey on
wardrobes and nobody scores
yeah it's exciting evening we had that
mojo working for us and we still didn't
score
i got to say though gorgeous stadium
awesome that austin finally has a pro
team
really cool experience getting to go to
the first game and it was awesome that
emily
was able to put all that together for us
and i had a wonderful time and i'm
really glad
that uh none of us broke anything and
there was
there was no tornado or any kind of
weather event it was uh
it gave me hope that maybe we could do
it again someday i
i mean this all sounds fantastic i feel
like i missed what happened with the
cucumber where's the cucumber coming
into play did i miss that
okay so i pick gavin shows up in my
house and as we're driving he goes
uh had a weird thing happen today and i
go what's that and he goes uh
somebody chucked a load of pickles on my
front door
in a in a bag full of brine like pickled
brine
and i was like you mean like a jar of
lastic pickles full pickles
dumped into a freezer bag ziploc shut
like full of brine and pickles and he
was like yeah just on my front porch and
then
i was like well you have cameras so
let's look at the cameras
he pulls up there's no the pickles just
show up on his front door camera
it's like it's like they just get
delivered by a hand that didn't have a
body
yeah just see them like slide into frame
and there's no one there
so we talk about this all night while
we're at the we're having
soccer fun right and uh oh and by the
way gav there was one thing going on
that i never told you about that was
distracting me all night that i'll
i'll bring up so the whole ride back to
gavin's house we're gonna give him a
ride home
we're like do you think the pickles will
be on the porch should we check we get
there we run up
and uh there were three giant
dry ass cucumbers in a ziploc bag that
obviously came from somebody's garden
there was no they weren't pickles
i don't know how gavin got they were
pickles there was no pickled brine
there was no brine of anything it was
just three
cucumbers in a bag in my defense the bag
was full of condensation and i think i
mistook it for it
all i did okay all i did really there
was a you know there was an uber waiting
i just
walked out my front door i thought that
looks like a bag of pickles and i
stepped over them and then i just
continued what i didn't touch him i
didn't really look
surely there's emily's like surely there
was a note or something and he's like no
no nothing
i walk up i look at the cucumbers i
immediately identify they are not
pickles
look to the right see the note pick it
up it's like hey here's some cucumbers
from the garden
if you don't need them pass them on to
the next neighbor thanks
it was all confusing a glance everything
made sense now that i had time to
investigate
also when gavin found the other footage
it got interesting i will say that he
found footage from another camera that
was fascinating
it was delivered i guess by an elderly
woman who
mission impossible kind of looks like
kind of looked like
uh a witch out of left foot dead and she
yeah she was like hobbling around
and she like grabs the pole near that
the front of the house
and kind of swings her arm around it
just like slides it onto the
onto the bit that the camera can see she
like deliberately avoided going up the
steps she just reached around the
railings
and put it there so it looked like from
the doorbell that no one delivered it
gavin was right when he texted it to me
he goes i she has advanced angles
and he couldn't have been through like
she
totally like ethan hunted her way across
his driveway
so he like hugged the wall she was
looking over her shoulder and looking
around
trying to spot like i don't know threats
it was [__] fascinating and then she
just disappeared into the darkness from
when she came
and she did look a little like a left
for dead witch he's not wrong
and she and she came like she didn't
come from the street it looked like she
came out of my own garage somehow i
don't know how she
i assume she lives under the house i
don't know maybe maybe they're my
cucumbers and she just picked them for
me
either way it's weird i don't know what
you want me to i guess it's a kindness
it's like old lady kindness that doesn't
exist anymore but it is
i mean i've never met this person i've
ne i'd have never expressed excitement
for
foreign cucumbers have you ever seen a
leftover dead witch hanging around your
neighborhood
and to be honest you know at least
pickle them for me or something
what do you want did she want me to eat
them as cucumbers or she
did she want me to take them the rest of
the way oh yeah the note didn't
specially do whatever you want
yeah i mean you could do you're given
what what is the current you still have
them did you pass them on what what is
where is
where are they they were passed on and i
will say
no the note wasn't anywhere near the
back in my defense
it was three feet from the back well i
mean it was the only note on your porch
dude
it wasn't like it was hidden in amongst
all the other notes i saw it
instantly it was a yellow post-it note
all right well that's fair you know i'm
in a hurry that's
true you're an hurry though
the wasps have the lip the wasps that
survived the fan
yeah they're now happily living back
inside the fan and i've not turned on
since and we're just co-existing
peacefully you'll be happy to know
that's great so i guess i i am happy to
know you you decided to go that route
instead of removing them
uh i mean they've been in there a while
by the looks of it did you
talk in the last podcast about how the
crows are throwing [__] at you
oh yeah that was after the wasp wasn't
it yeah so
i got like ravens or something i don't
know if it's a crow or a raven i can
never really tell
it's whatever the bird is that goes
right yeah uh so they're in my trees
and they just squawk at me every time
they see me
if i walk into the backyard they start
just screaming at me
and as soon as they can't see me they
stop it's like peekaboo with a baby you
know you get an immediate reaction
and uh if i'm under them they'll flap
about in the trees
and snap branches off and throw them at
me
he's not kidding he showed me a video it
is it sounds impossible
but it is a hundred percent like it's
obvious that they are
attacking him why what what it what have
you done gavin
what curse what has happened why is that
everything
but does that explain the rave why would
the raven crow
attack if you were dead i don't know
they're just around
maybe it was like they had babies they
were trying to protect or something but
it's too late
it's too late in the year i already had
baby birds like three months ago
are you an expert on the the mating
cycle of yes i i'm an expert on a
crow mating cycle maybe you should have
taken the cucumbers maybe they're a
peace offering that would have solved it
also based on what you said like did she
how did she get the note to the door
like did she make a paper plane and
throw it like how do you get the paper
if she just hooked was the was the note
tied to the bag
i assume she swung she did the weird
railing move the little sort of stealth
move
and slid all of it and the note just
blew off the bag i assume
when the wind took it to the door yeah i
mean that's a nice thing
as an idea but i don't want to have to
carry the cucumber
i would end up eating the cucumbers out
of purely i don't want to take it to the
next test would you
eat strange cucumber from someone you'd
never met
if my options were eat strange cucumber
from someone i've never met
or deliver it to the next house i'm
eating the strange healer
there's no other option you want to do
it away
no i well i would never that'd be a
waste but there needs to be a system
on the note you need to indicate like
there needs to be a marking if you pass
it on i want to know how many houses
this has gone through
how many blocks maybe this cucumber
might not even be from my neighborhood
this could be three blocks over they
might not even be from her yeah
yeah i don't i see it would be crazy if
it was from her i'd be shocked
i assume this has gone to multiple doors
oh dude what if it's like it follows
and she just passed a curse on the
cucumber the curse of the cucumber
and that's why the birds are flipping
out and now you've passed it on i hope
i hope he did it i'm glad i got rid of
it before i didn't even touch him
wow oh boy he's in the clear it follows
the cucumber it follows curse
the sequel we've always wanted i love
that the weirdness just comes from like
the strange fruit but jeff i think was
legitimately bad that there were
cucumbers and not pickles
he was like these aren't in brine i was
like that's not the weird part though
that's not the strangeness
you set it up all wrong i was i'm
stunned
it's still weird a bag of cucumbers from
a garden is not as weird
as a bag of pickles in brine why isn't
that as weird
come on man what do you mean
is it just the act of like no one puts
you don't pickle [__] in a bag yeah
yeah yeah you don't put brian in about
okay everyone knows this you'd have to
take it out of a jar which is already a
transportation method i still think that
that only takes it from like a six
weird to a seven though uh
no i feel like a bag of cucumbers is a
five
and is like pickles with brine and a
ziplock's like a solid eight
yeah that's amazing it's an easy really
it's an it's a five to an eight eric
while
it's it's a huge gap because you have to
take them out of the jar
it's just a weird thing yeah i wanted to
hear the rest of what andrew had to say
man it really is i just don't um you
said that there was condensation inside
the bag
is that what you were saying yeah that
was the sheen i was looking at i think
the very moisture small amount of
condensation i think he's over well
it was more when i left in fact how did
the condensation go
maybe into the cucumber
i don't know what do you want from me
what do you what does everyone want from
me i just
i'm trying to just live my life showing
up
that sounds great i mean i have to
believe
that this is a jacob's ladder situation
and you are dead and we are when people
talk about like simulation theory
or whatever like oh they were just like
living in a simulation i
think that you died or you're in a
helicopter
dying and uh you are this is we are just
inside your head
and the woman is a demon and the
cucumbers represent
like you trying to get back to like the
earthly realm
uh like why was she why did she look
like a witch from a video game like a
dream half remembered
from a video game from like long ago you
know what i mean like it's too many
it's too many concentric circles this is
i i i am i like where eric is going with
this this is definitely you are
a vietnam soldier an american vietnam
soldier you are bleeding out right now
and they are trying to save your life
and you're
living you're living the next 30 years
in your mind
and we're just a part of it oh my god
and that lady that played the girl who
turned into a demon i think her name is
luis pena she died recently
too so it's all unraveling huh
interesting
yeah and she died i think of uh i think
she died of cirrhosis so
okay i mean in your head i guess because
this is all
this is all invented by you oh maybe
she's out of pickles
it'll mean something if it was a
different vegetable would you been more
excited about it
does the vegetable is it is the issue of
you not wanting it
the weirdness of receiving it randomly
or is it the fact that cucumber is a
lower tier
on the vegetable list where do you put
cucumber on the vegetable list
cucumber i mean i feel like no one ever
needs cucumber is the thing
cucumber's always like an addition it's
never a mane
and also america has these weird stubby
little cucumbers
to make pickles with but i'm the
cucumbers i like to eat the big long
ones the ones that like two feet long
you're like a bigger
foot long so i don't really know what i
would have done with it
i mean can you eat do the cucumbers that
turn into pickles taste the same as like
an english cucumber
yeah i'd assume so i mean hey you could
put that in a salad
you always got that as an option um
sandwiches
cucumbers are fruit i don't think a
salad is a salad without cucumber
honestly
it's really it's a staple for me oh i
disagree strongly yeah i love
the cucumber man i could eat cucumber
all day long
that's great but i don't think they're
needed for a salad as i said i feel like
the salad is just the lettuce or spinach
or whatever you want to put
it's the blank canvas and then you put
whatever you want into it yeah why do
you never make that then
who are you talking to why does andrew
never make the bog standard salad
well i i do i just i i thought for i
wanted to make the greatest salad
possible the pot to enhance the cream
potentially or like i've never had this
before
if i'm not gonna like it in this salad
i'll never like it outside of it
interesting slicing you know what we
should do
we should come up with and i'm not
saying we should do it right now because
we should put some thought into it
but we should pick like a number of
ingredients like five or six or
something
and then we all come up with the perfect
salad
in our minds right like you're you pick
whatever six ingredients
and you create the perfect salad i do
and then gavin do the same and then we
can release it and then let the audience
decide which is the best
i see is this for the recipe book could
be for yeah
and then we call that the ultimate like
face salad or something do we have to do
it anonymously
we would have to do it anonymously i
feel like salad has the greatest range
salad can be amazing and it can be such
dog [__] totally agree it's a great yeah
i yeah i'm trying to think of what is a
more ranged food
i think you might be right i think it
has the widest range whereas like stuff
like
eggs eggs could be like okay or good
but maybe that's a bad example no but i
think it's a good example
it can also it's an appetizer or it's a
meal a main however like however you
want to present it it's got a lot of
flexibility
yeah i feel the same way about honey
mustard i feel like that's the condiment
wide range there's such a variety of
honey mustard flavors
more so than any other condiment you can
go place to place
and have wildly different tasting
experiences i'd be willing to bet this
is the fifth
face that you've mentioned honey mustard
you really like honeybusters you
really do yeah it comes up a lot well we
did a we did a sauce thing
and i don't know if i'd say it comes up
a lot was the last mention of honey
mustard when i wanted to to make honey
mustard
that was a long time ago like probably
20 30 episodes ago no way
nice and the last ten it's in the live
you brought up things that have wide
variety i think honey mustard is wide
variety i was just trying to think of
others
next week i'm going to talk about
something brown nobody's nobody's
disagreeing
we're just pointing out that it comes up
a lot i don't feel like it does
i think it's just memorable when i bring
it up i think it's a great topic that
everybody enjoys
do we always engage really well in your
honeymoon
yeah you do i always get a text after on
those episodes so that was a great show
so i'm trying to i'm sprinkling it in
honeybuster whatever i can
it really i love the one thing
yeah it elevates the dish it elevates
the show
a little honey mustard do you think i
should i should become a better neighbor
and start dumping food on my neighbor's
doorsteps
that's such a great question i don't
know how you i don't know what the
cucumber rebuttal would be
well i think you get something that you
grew in your own garden
i think you have well here's the problem
you don't know where she lives
is she to your left or right the last
person that did it she's
she's from my garage she came from under
the house she's a she might be a sleep
stack
huh i think how do you do this in a way
that isn't like an invasion of privacy
it'd be interesting
to like put one thing to the left of you
one thing to the right of you
and see how far it gets both ways do you
like a race of sorts
i would i bet you that is almost like a
competition itself we have to pick the
shittiest vegetable we could think of
and see how far it can get and whoever
gets the furthest wins
like uh like a game of like vegetable
telephone
yeah exactly like i don't i would never
pick like carrots or potatoes
are not getting past two houses why
because people are gonna eat them yeah
people are gonna like those items those
are like commonly used great
vegetables does it have to be can it be
a pro like i bet i could get a branston
pickle jar
really far i bet that would travel no
one's gonna ruin that no
people are gonna throw that away because
they don't trust it they're just gonna
nobody knows what it is and it's like
store-bought
yeah i don't think you can do
store-bought i think it has to be it
can't be fruit because it just bruises
it has to be like a
vegetable with some durability you're
not gonna [__] deal with apples in a
bag jeff like let's just we can't do
what about
swede what's a swede yeah what is that
it's not a root veg in it no idea what
it is
don't don't know no clue never a swedish
person
sweet oh let me see sweet
sweet veg why don't we talk about
vegetables so much
i don't know you bring it up every week
uh it's a cross between a cabbage and a
turnip oh you call it a
rutabaga what the hell hold on
damn it andrew sorry how are you going
to say that you're excited that's a fun
word
i was going to say it doesn't matter
because andrew told me that it's i was
going to say rutabaga
what's a rutabaga a rutabaga it's a root
vegetable
that's a swede
[Laughter]
wait how do you spell your version
write it out i want to see what this
looks like because rutabaga
a yeah yeah it's not there's a swedish
turnip in it
i don't know if it's from sweden we just
call it a sweet vega
root of vegas such a better name that
name come from
i don't know but it's great it's fun
when you say rutabaga you know what
you're talking about you don't have to
go away wouldn't
some woman on the street would come up
to me i want to talk to you about
rutabagas and i'd be like cool what's
that she'd tell me to go shove it up my
ass
rutabagas i don't even think i like
rutabagas but it's just exciting to hear
in the mix yeah i'm i'm amped about it i
want it i want it
rude awesome i don't know if i've had a
rutabaga
okay comes through a sweet this comes
from the swedish dialectal word
rotter baggy
[Laughter]
from root and lump bag
root lump
dude call it root lumps that's way
better than either
one root lump
is going to a different city nobody's
touching route
yeah i'm bagging up my root lumps and
i'm putting them on the neighbor's
doorstep and they're going
i wonder if you can if they can if you
could have a vegetable so
undesirable that it makes its way back
to you like all the way around
like a circle like all the way around
the neighborhood
it goes out to the left and it comes in
from the right
can go north all the way to texas
[Laughter]
oh my god do you know what's awesome
about this episode because we're out to
do another one right after this
and i was afraid it wouldn't have
anything to talk about i didn't talk
about any of my [__] this is
this that's great no idea where we're
gonna go so heavy into rutabagas this is
awesome
we went from sleestacks to rutabagas
was it you jeff who thought um andre
3000 was saying
sleaze stacks in that song yeah it still
sounds like it to me keep your heart
three
uh keep your hearts please sleep keep
your heart sleep
that's still how i sing it yeah these
girls are smart sleep stack
keep your hearts back
he's into science fiction and stuff
you should wrap this up all right do one
more
well you've done it again you've
listened to another hour of the
face podcast uh hour and five minutes
today
hey we appreciate that thanks for doing
it why would you say that i mean
certainly it's gonna get edited it's
gonna be less than what you just said
why would you call out what the live
well that's a good point we're
definitely cutting out the jack [__]
that never happened
jack stuff is great i think it's even
better that we cut him out he's gonna be
but we should leave this bit in yeah
yeah the part will be referenced
absolutely all right well let's stop
doing this uh the audience
you well here's what's gonna happen
we're gonna we're all gonna stop hit
stop and then we're gonna hit start and
we're gonna
[__] do another podcast right now but
you you're gonna go to
uh wherever you listen to podcasts
probably like itunes or
spotify or some [__] and then you're
gonna enter in the longest most verbose
most glowing review of face
uh or you won't i don't give a [__] no
we do it'd be nice if you did we'd
rather you did we do care
that'd be yeah but i don't want to tell
you what to do you do whatever you want
to do no you just like want to do
if the mood strikes you write a review
give us some stars maybe uh bag up some
root vegetables and give them meet a
neighbor
you know yeah i don't know maybe don't
maybe don't try to
uh maybe don't try to break into the
pentagon to put them on their front
porch
maybe just walk up the steps that are
there and uh don't be all secretive
about it or maybe do
freak them out i don't think you know
that there's a difference between not
giving a [__] and being open to people
doing what they want those are two very
different things
ah i don't know are they i'm not i'm not
their boss
i can make suggestions but i can't and
then it's like who am i to tell you what
to do
you do whatever you want to do i mean
you are the host of the show you know
what we haven't we haven't had a show
that wouldn't end properly in the whole
of season two
we've had the yelling this is the bike
assist is not year two not season two
no well no that's a good question though
we're definitely in year two but have we
had an episode that wouldn't end in
season two season just a little longer
than yours
i think so because season two is it's
been good for
over 20 episodes i think well here let
me tease let me tease what i want to
talk about next week
i'd like to talk about uh i had a sort
of a [__] triangle happen
in the last couple days but it has uh it
has led me to
a new understanding of my place in the
universe
and i'm pretty i'm okay with it are you
dead as well
no no i'm not dead on the inside maybe a
little bit and you can find out more
on the next episode of my face goodbye
he's right and tune in next week when
i'll talk about my tooth
and what happened to my my charger cheek
and i learned to do bike trick
and i'm a chain guy now face out what
[Music]
you